Add CHANGELOG for v0.60 (#596)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v0.60 [2023-03-31]
> 
> _Breaking changes_
> 
> - As part of its alignment with the AWS Audit Manager framework, the `PCI v3.2.1` benchmark has been updated to use the names `pci_dss_v321` and `PCI DSS v3.2.1` for its benchmark and title, respectively. Additionally, the benchmark has undergone a replacement of its old sub-benchmarks and controls with new ones, in compliance with [PCI DSS V3.2.1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/PCI.html). ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/570))
> - The following controls have been removed as a part of the above update: ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/570))
>   - `iam_root_user_virtual_mfa`
>   - `kms_cmk_rotation_enabled`
>   - `opensearch_domain_in_vpc`
>   - `vpc_security_group_associated`
> 
> _What's new?_
> 
> - Added more than 100 controls in `PCI DSS v3.2.1` benchmark (`steampipe check benchmark.pci_dss_v321`). ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/570))
> 
> _Dependencies_
> 
> - AWS plugin `v0.97.0` or higher is now required. ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/570))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v0.60 [2023-03-31]

_Breaking changes_

- The PCI DSS v3.2.1 benchmark has been updated to better align with official [PCI DSS v3.2.1 document](https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/document_library/?category=pcidss&document=pci_dss) and the matching [AWS Audit Manager framework](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/PCI.html). The following updates have been made to the benchmark: ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/570))
  - The `pci_v321` benchmark has been removed and replaced by the `pci_dss_v321` benchmark (`steampipe check benchmark.pci_dss_v321`)
  - The benchmark is now organized by **Requirements** instead of AWS services and all children benchmarks now start with `pci_dss_v321_` instead of `pci_v321`, e.g., `steampipe check benchmark.pci_dss_v321_requirement_2`
  - 100+ new controls have been added
  - The following controls are no longer included in the benchmark:
    - `control.iam_root_user_virtual_mfa`
    - `kms_cmk_rotation_enabled`
    - `opensearch_domain_in_vpc`
    - `vpc_security_group_associated`
  - All documentation has been updated on the [Hub](https://hub.steampipe.io/mods/turbot/aws_compliance/controls/benchmark.pci_dss_v321) to better match official PCI documentation.

_Dependencies_

- AWS plugin `v0.97.0` or higher is now required. ([#570](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/570))
```
